OSDOCS#8882 OLM 1.0 admonition for multicatalog conflicts (#71095)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/olmv1-multi-catalog-admon.adoc

// Text snippet included in the following modules:
//
// * modules/olmv1-about-catalogs.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

[IMPORTANT]
====
If you try to install an Operator or extension that does not have unique name, the installation might fail or lead to an unpredictable result. This occurs for the following reasons:

* If mulitple catalogs are installed on a cluster, {olmv1} does not include a mechanism to specify a catalog when you install an Operator or extension.

> * Dependency resolution in {olmv1-first} assumes that all of the Operators and extensions that are available to install on a cluster use a unique name for their bundles and packages.

Reviewer: _assumes_ seems anthropomorphic to me. ISG identifies: _decide_, _think_, _want_ as anthropomorphic.

```suggestion
* Dependency resolution in {olmv1-first} requires/ensures that all of the Operators and extensions that are available to install on a cluster use a unique name for their bundles and packages.
```
